
==Outstanding Bugs==

Shift-tab in NSTextView doesn't rotate backwards properly.
Strange disappearance of vertical scroll bar for table.
Poor handling of splitview resizing when resizing window.
0.6.0
Selects first sentence when saving a previously untitled document.

==Vanquished Bugs==

Can't leave empty text field.
'No Selection' bug for sentence field.
crash when 'new sentence' button clicked 
    (went away when I got rid of bindings)
Occasional freeze after cmnd-a + delete in roman text view. 
    (was race condition -- solved through icky use of NSTimer)
Mostly fixed UI bug involving NSSplitView. Still not quite right when window resized.
Cannot "Make New Passage" if PhnomPenh95Krung font is not installed. 
Tab in text views seems to be broken again.
Cleaned up UI for dragging.
Displays Khmer script with correct font in sentences table.
Selects correct sentence after deleting sentence.
Fixed "File -> Revert" menu item.
Selects correct default definitions after downloading updated definitions.
Fixed bug that affected "New Sentence."
Fixed bug where documents didn't automatically pick up changed ZVX substitution preferences.
0.06.2
Fixed crash when closing document while transcription in progress.
0.06.3
Fixed UI bug in which fragments of text from previously viewed verses could remain displayed in notes and checking fields.
0.06.5
Inserted missing RTKTigerDocument lossless fileformat code.
Fixed broken automatic verse insertion.
Fixed slowness when typing -- at cost of not liveupdating table view -- should be reimplementing later.


==Outstanding Feature Requests==


TECkit plugin system. 
Switch file format to xml plist.

undo/redo stuff
{
    Undo/Redo stacks saved to file on close -- loaded from file on open.
    Stack pair for each revision. 
    Stack pair for sentences (includes undo/redo for new/delete revision).
}

Drag to desktop/directory creates .rtktiger file with specified sentence(s).
Need to be able to see multiple revisions at once for comparison. (No idea how this should be implemented.)
Reordering of windows during drag and drop. (focus-follows-mouse style)
Help -- and other documentation.
Collaborative editing similar to SubEthaEdit.
On start, load all previously open files -- option in system preferences.
Make resize handle double clickable.
Autosave -- open original and autosaved after crash.  
        -- won't ask -- will just open both when you open original

Export function strips undo/redo history. 
{
    format list:
        - native format
        - sfm format
}



==Implemented Feature Requests==


Drag and drop for selected text.
Reference should be editable.
New sentence should appear at bottom or below currently selected sentence. 
Make 'sentences' and 'revisions' bigger or bold. (also added display of reference and revision)
New column with '4 of 7' for example. (tells what current revision and how many revisions)
Either disable column drag, or label and/or move text boxes. (disabled column drag -- might change again)
Tab in text fields rotates between four text fields.
Open and Save would be nice... :)
Automatic transcription.
Preferences option to convert 'z', 'v', and 'x' to accented 'a', 'u', and 'e'.
Set default preferences to something sensible.
Import/Export plain text formats. (MSWord tables compatible.)
Web Update for definition files.
Outputs .txt files as utf8 complete with 0xefbbbf utf8 marker.
Dirty windows force display of save/cancel/don't_save panel.
Drag to reorder sentences -- reference stays with sentence.
Drag sentences between documents.
Add lock (with padlock image?) for revisions.
Added better defaults, preferences, and file specific handling for document window size and column widths.
Added Verse and Revision menus.
Delete multiple sentences at once.
Got rid of redundant reference field.
Sentence table view follows selected sentence.
Regenerates script column when opening file, changing script preferences, or after downloading definitions.
Doubleclick on table-cell of sentence begins editing of field below.
Ensures there is exactly one blank sentence at end of document.
Revised "exactly one extra sentence" to "at least one extra sentence" at end of document.
Added better automatic font setting for script with unicode.
Added popup menus in revision column.
Added cut, copy, and paste of sentences.
0.6.0
New sentence autofills with reference for new sentence. (Only works if you use . to separate last number.)
Default latin font set to "Helvetica 10 pt"
Moved buttons to top of window.
Now using "mini" buttons.
Working on toolbars.
0.06.3
Reduced perceived transcription time for newly opened documents.
Added type column.
Extended reference autocomplete to include manually created sentences.
0.06.4
Search field (similar to that of Mail.app) -- mostly works.
Remove excess revision and lock controls.
Add lock checkbox column.
Add lock/(unlocked) to revision popup menu cell.
Text output inserts verse number in (#) format.
Lossless forwards and backwards file format compatibility.
0.06.6
Uses the standard fonts panel to select per field font and size.
Changed Roman and Script fields to Main and Output.
Added "Save As... sfm" -- Definitely not complete, but something to try out.
0.06.7
Search is now case insensitive.
Improvements to "Save As... sfm"
Added "Open... sfm"
Fast syncing of table view with text views.
Can turn off transcription.
Lock Verse checkbox.
Type field conversion to USFM format.
0.2006.02.23


